Add autoloot script command (#8032)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

---------------------------------------

> *autoloot(<rate>{, <char_id>});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*autoloot({<rate>{, <char_id>}});
```

---------------------------------------

*autoloot(<rate>{, <char_id>});

> This command sets the rate of autoloot (default: 10000 = 100%).
> Returns true on success and false on failure.
> Note: It will toggle existing autoloot settings if rate value aren't provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sets the rate of autoloot.
If no rate is provided and the user has autoloot disabled it will default to 10000 = 100% (enabled) or
if the user has autoloot enabled it will default to 0 = 0% (disabled).
Returns true on success and false on failure.
```
